tender like water
Good season like a dream
Still Gu Queqiao returns
If the relationship lasts for a long time
Is it day and night
Yeah, fantastic.
Father Emperor
Dong Qiang actually copied other people's half-sparrow madness to deceive
And minister is equivalent to bullying the king
Quickly know his crime of bullying the king
Your Majesty, please forgive me.
The emperor's concubines don't know?
How dare you do such a despicable thing?
But Weifu, I'll kill you
The emperor's concubine is a love for the princess
I was confused for a while
Please forgive me, Your Majesty, Your Majesty
Father Dong Shengshu is loyal
And please forgive me.
May you have wind in the past
Not allowed to save people today
Father Emperor, I will return to the palace with a will
Good boy old man remember